hi guys there beauty
this video for you that wants to leave
alone decorated with affection for the
nails is super easy to use and is in
around 10 to 15 reais or less affection
already comes with some mirrors too and it is
super easy to apply you will see then
if you want to leave your actions like this
decorators just keep on watching
so to do actions you will need
can always a common list and called
for cleaning and adjustments.
planet to clean the corners cotton
an executive trowel of an enamel of
your preference to be the basis in my
if you choose white a little cream
gloss legislature because it is firmer
but it may be someone else in your
preferably acetone
a nail clipper for you to take
cuticle and a whole in my case a
old shirt to keep from messing up
to even stain to decorate the nail you
Are you going to need a fucking job?
Mirror model you like
these paths you find in any
shop of enamel and cosmetics and
usually come with someone experienced
but you can also buy
separately an enamel for affection
There are several brands but here I found
best to date every sick powers one
newspaper sheet with a sulphite sheet
even something be an old card in the
I actually improvise with the card because
I thought it was horrible that came
in the kit of good affection and now deparu
paint the helmet
Good, I do not know how you do the nails.
but I like to first sanding them
then I was my age
and then I take a little bit of the relations
with this special list
to take the cuticle cream step on how
a bit with the title a spatula and
then leave a few minutes and
push hard again will go to
cuticle with pliers
I like this crime every day.
because thinner
I love it, it 's ending if someone
Wanna give me a Christmas present?
late and so after all this
done, just pass the nail polish I love it
this knowing because it is very consistent
there is a very strong bank
after all this done, just put
a little cotton on the toothpick or roll
and put that on the surface and take the
and should not get around the nail
if you did not have a toothpick you too
can improvise with those parties
This way, churrasco also gives
I like them that are more plump and
more consistent for you to pick up on
time to clean and now the most
Legal rigor to pass the enamel to
damn, hit the little in the spirit of
absorb more
then the card is enough
and with the affection of this way to absorb
all enamel
then the same movement in the
application
cool people right after you see the
practice you will want to buy millions
and experience to make various drawings
in his 11 tests he any include
the mirror is just you spend a little bit
of acetone
a lot of people try to use enamel column
to make these drawings with the calte
but the ideal is that these enamels
that traffic even because they are more
consistent and jump faster if you
you use the enamel with the world it can
until it's skin
but when you apply you will
expose the anger to end up spoiling a man
and this is like an adhesive when
you pass it is almost cheap
be better and have no risk then
easily this catarina enamel
It's good that you put on a fixative or something.
that is unifying something so perhaps the
better this special enamel on probes
it may not be necessary
and then we like a video if you like the
a gem rate inscribes on the channel too
Enjoy the page on facebook with blog
against the film pereira and also want
send a a super kiss to joana
caroline who keeps there in bombinhas
asked to send her a kiss
Kisses for you in dollars and for sure
I'm going back to my beautiful city.
Wonderful
Is this, bye, kisses and even the
next video I was 32 easy
Hi, people there at night to watch the
video has a useful life
The brunette then if you go cell
usually with your class
Legal right to love you with my nails
if you take me then